TWITCHRAIDS | Watch random streams together

twitchraids.com

Twitchraids is a twitch.com stream randomizer.  The app pulls a random low viewcount stream every 5 minutes and everyone on the site is sent to that stream at once.

I made this as a single-day project just for fun.  Most of the code is super janky.  Nothing is tested.  Just thought I'd put it up on github in case anyone wants to do something with it.

There are soooo many features that could be added to this to improve it, so have at it!

Contact me @kevinflo if you have questions.  Happy raiding!

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) [2015] [Kevin Florenzano]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
